# EternalBlueC
EternalBlue suite remade in C which includes: MS17-010 Exploit, EternalBlue vulnerability detector, DoublePulsar detector and DoublePulsar UploadDLL controller

[*] ms17_vuln_status.cpp - This program sends 4 SMB packets.  1 negociation packet and 3 requests.  This program reads the NT_STATUS response from a TransNamedPipeRequest ( PeekNamedPipe request ) and determines if NT_STATUS = 0xC0000205 ( STATUS_INSUFF_SERVER_RESOURCES ).  If this is the correct response, then the target is vulnerable to MS17-010.  Tested on unpatched Windows 7 x64 bit.

[*] doublepulsar_check.cpp - This program sends 4 SMB packets.  1 negociation packet and 3 requests.  The last request is a Trans2 SESSION SETUP request.  Doing so, the multiplex id can be compared against value: 0x51 or 81.  If that is the response, that means DoublePulsar is present on the machine.  Afterwards, you can send commands to burn the DoublePulsar backdoor.  ( NOTE: DoublePulsar becomes dormant and not removed ).  Tested on Windows 7 x64 bit.

[NOT FINISHED]
[*] doublepulsar_upload.cpp - This program sends 4 SMB packets.  1 negociation packet and 3 requests.  The last request is a Trans2 SESSION SETUP request to obtain the DoublePular XOR key via the returned signature field in the SMB response packet. This key is ran through the DoublePulsar XOR key calculator. Then the program reads a DLL file (Example: payload.dll) and combines it with userland shellcode (userland_shellcode.bin) and XORs the buffer with the DoublePulsar XOR key we just calculated from the SMB signature.  A packet is generated by allocating memory, copying the Trans2 packet, editing the values needed for the SMB transaction to work ( UserID, ProcessID, TreeID, MultiplexID ) then copying the XORed data (shellcode + DLL) to the end and loop through it sending it at a total packet length of 4096 bytes at a time to DoublePulsar.  This is still a work in progress.  

TODO: Might need to implement the Trans2 Upload function using a structure and not editing the Trans2 packet capture using hex.

[NOT FINISHED]
[*] EternalBlue.cpp

Repository also contains
  * DoublePulsar Upload DLL python scripts & DoublePulsar x64 userland shellcode for DLL injection
  * EternalBlue All in one binary
  * Multi arch kernel queue apc assembly code & Windows x86/x64 Multi-Arch Kernel Ring 0 to Ring 3 via Queued APC kernel code
  * EternalBlue x64/x86 kernel shellcode from worowit
  * Eternalblue replay file
